correct hyperlink typo (#13)
akka/akka-distributed-workers-scala.g8: docs/src/main/paradox/back-end.md

# The Back-End Nodes

> The back-end nodes host the `Master` actor, which manages work, keeps track of available workers, and notifies registered workers when new work is available. The single `Master` actor is the heart of the solution, with built-in resilience provided by the [Akka Cluster Singleton](http://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/scala/guide/modules.html#cluster-singleton).

Reviewer: Perhaps we should update the link itself while we're at it:

```suggestion
The back-end nodes host the `Master` actor, which manages work, keeps track of available workers, and notifies registered workers when new work is available. The single `Master` actor is the heart of the solution, with built-in resilience provided by the [Akka Cluster Singleton](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/guide/modules.html?language=scala#cluster-singleton).
```
